Create dinamici-ix-2026.md (#270)
dai-dinamici/dai-dinamici.github.io: content/posts/dinamici-ix-2026.md

+++ 
categories = ["news", "events"]
date = "2026-07-07 10:00:00"
title = "DinAmicI IX"
+++

> We are happy to announce that the ninth edition of our workshop **"DinAmicI IX"** will take place at the *Centro De Giorgi, Pisa* on **October 19-22, 2026.** 

Reviewer: What about

```suggestion
We are happy to announce the ninth edition of our workshop **"DinAmicI IX"**!

This is the biennial workshop of [DinAmicI](https://www.dinamici.org/), the Italian (and not) group of dynamical systems. 

After the previous workshop overseas, at IMPA, Rio de Janeiro, Brasil, we are back in Italy. DinAmicI IX will take place at the *Centro De Giorgi, Pisa* on **October 19-22, 2026.**
```

@marcolenci what do you think?

Reviewer 2: me think good
